这是 multiboot2 规定的i386 初始状态

### 3.3 I386 machine state

When the boot loader invokes the 32-bit operating system, the machine must have the following state:

- ‘EAX’: Must contain the magic value ‘0x36d76289’; the presence of this value indicates to the operating system that it was loaded by a Multiboot2-compliant boot loader (e.g. as opposed to another type of boot loader that the operating system can also be loaded from).	

  eax 必须为幻数 "0x36d76289"

- ‘EBX’: Must contain the 32-bit physical address of the Multiboot2 information structure provided by the boot loader (see [Boot information format](https://www.gnu.org/software/grub/manual/multiboot2/multiboot.html#Boot-information-format)).

  ebx 必须为 Multiboot2 information structure 首地址

- ‘CS’: Must be a 32-bit read/execute code segment with an offset of ‘0’ and a limit of ‘0xFFFFFFFF’. The exact value is undefined.

  cs 偏移为0, 界限值为 0xFFFFFFFF(即指向第0个全局段描述符,这也是第0个全局段描述符为空的原因,为了防止初始时引用错误的描述符)

- ‘DS’, ‘ES’, ‘FS’, ‘GS’, SS’

  Must be a 32-bit read/write data segment with an offset of ‘0’ and a limit of ‘0xFFFFFFFF’. The exact values are all undefined.

  与 cs 一样指向空描述符, 引用空描述符会引发 #GP 异常

- ‘A20 gate’ Must be enabled.

- ‘CR0’

  Bit 31 (PG) must be cleared. Bit 0 (PE) must be set. Other bits are all undefined.

- ‘EFLAGS’

  Bit 17 (VM) must be cleared. Bit 9 (IF) must be cleared. Other bits are all undefined.

All other processor registers and flag bits are undefined. This includes, in particular:

- ‘ESP’ The OS image must create its own stack as soon as it needs one.
- ‘GDTR’ Even though the segment registers are set up as described above, the ‘GDTR’ may be invalid, so the OS image must not load any segment registers (even just reloading the same values!) until it sets up its own ‘GDT’.
- ‘IDTR’ The OS image must leave interrupts disabled until it sets up its own `IDT`.



